Date: 12 Dec, 2025
Title: A Vegan Curry Recipe

I've been making this curry for many years at this point. I started making it with a now-friend ex-partner in pre-pandemic times, and it's always provided comfort and deliciousness.

COOKWARE
I use a Le Creuset 28cm pan. I found it was worth the money. Link to the pan: https://www.lecreuset.com.au/en_AU/p/toughened-non-stick-deep-frying-pan-with-helper-handle/TN51101.html
I use a rice cooker, which I put on before I make the curry because my rice cooker takes about an hour.

INGREDIENTS
Carrot (sliced)
Potato (cubed)
Capsicum (cubed)
Water chestnuts (small tin)
Pineapple (small tin)
Lentils (2/3 of a cup)
Water (I keep it in a cup and just refill from the tap)
Ayam red curry paste (as much as you want; I use a full jar)
Coconut cream (one tin)
Garlic & onion oil (fodmap safe)

INSTRUCTIONS
I chop up the carrot, potato, and capsicum.
I pop the potato in a microwave safe dish and microwave it on the potato setting for about five minutes so it's good to go.

Then I'll put a little of the oil in the fry pan on the stove and heat it on a medium heat.
Next I pop the carrot, potato, and capsicum in the fry pan, then open the tin of water chestnuts and pineapple, drain, and add to the pan. Sometimes I just drink the pineapple juice because it's tasty.

When I feel like the vegetables are reasonably cooked, I push the vegetables to the edge and put in the curry paste in the centre.
Usually I'll smell it for 15-20 seconds as it warms in the pan because it's pleasant to smell as it heats, then I toss the vegetables into it.

I will then add the lentils and stir those in, and add some water (I usually do a cup at a time) and stir around, and then put the lid on.
This is usually a good time to put some music on so you can stand and do a little dance while you watch the food get delicious.

I'll let the curry cook for a little bit on a medium heat. The heat will cause the lentils to soak up the water, so I check it regularly and add more water as they soak it up. I usually do this a few times.
If you have a snack available, it's a good decision to have a bite now.

Once the lentils start to break apart, I do a taste test to see if they've cooked.
Once it's cooked well, I add in the coconut cream, stir, and then serve.

It's important that you make changes that suit your environment as you go, so if you decide to use the above recipe, please take all sensible precautions and adjust as needed. Cheers.
